# ADF_Nivitha
DAY2:                        
1.open a file and read it and split using regex

a.Print the number of words having prefix with “To” in the input file?
Check if each word starts with "to" using s.startswith("to") then append it to list and display it. Then write to a new file.

b.Print the number of words ending with “ing” in the input file.
Check if each word ends with "ing" using s.endswith("ing") then append it to list and display it. Then write to a new file.

c.Print the word that was repeated maximum number of times.
Iterates each word in file and store in list. Iterate each items in list and find frequency of each word. Check count is greater than frequency using if(c>f) and 
print highest frequency string and write it to a new file

d.Print the palindrome present in the file.
Iterate each word in file and find reverse of each word using "rev=''.join(reversed(s1))". If original string is same as reversed string display all the string and 
write in another file.

e.Convert all words into unique list and print in command line.
Iterate each word in file and append all words into list and display it.

f.Create a Word dict with Key as counter index and value as the words present in file and print them on screen.
Iterate each word in file and append to list then iterate list items using enumerate and display it.

g.Write new file with following actions                   
i.Split the words based on the vowels
Iterate each word in file and Skip vowels using regex vowels=[re.sub("[aeiouAEIOU]","",i) for i in list1] and display it

ii.Capitalize 3rd letter of every word
Iterate each word in file. Find third character of each word and using s.upper() to capitalize. Display it and write in new file.

iii.Capitalize all characters of every 5th word in the file.
Iterate each word in file. Iterate from 4th word till end of file and increment 5 steps to capitalize. Display it and write in new file.

iv.Use – in place of blank space.
Iterate each word in file. Use s=s.replace(" ","-") to replace space with -. Display it and write in new file.

v.Use ; (semi-colon) for new line.
Iterate each word in file. Use s=s.replace("\n"," ") to replace new line with semicolon. Display it and write in new file.
